Mm-hmm.
Hey! So how are you
feeling today, Akagami?
Terrific.
Like, I've died and been reborn
as a whole new man.
Literally?
I've awakened
completely refreshed
and ready to take on anything.
Well, don't push yourself.
Kiki and I are just about
to head out for a bit.
But Kagura and Mia are awake.
Hey, why are you
cowering all of a sudden?
Morning, Akagami!
And a good morning
to you as well, Mia.
So, where's everybody else?
[MIA] Tsukuyo and Kurage
still haven't gotten up yet.
Kagura's in her room,
on her computer.
[frightened whimpering]
Huh?
Kagura.
[frightened whimpering]
Kagura
Operation Akagami
Plus Kagura is go!
What's this in reference to?
You may go as far as kissing.
Thanks, but I'm still not sure
what's going on.
Akagami's scared of you.
[KAGURA]
My, my.
It's like he's connecting you
to some kind of incredibly
traumatic experience.
I may have overdone it a bit.
If there's bad blood
between the two of you,
then we have to fix it!
Kagura? I won't
be happy till you
look at Akagami
the same way I do!
That's definitely going to be
a stretch.
First, let's establish
your current
impressions of each other.
Akagami, how do you feel
when you look at Kagura?
Every time I look at her
my groin throbs and tingles.
Outright sexual harassment.
That's a positive impression.
Positively actionable.
Yes, you're right.
And, Kagura, what do
you think of Akagami?
Huh.
Well, to be perfectly
honest with you,
I think he's wonderful.
Yeah!
That's him in a nutshell!
In fact, he's an especially
wonderful guy! Yup!
Aw, go on. You're far too kind.
He's earnest, loyal...
I absolutely have
to get rid of him.
Hey, you two!
This is actually
going really well!
I think we can jump straight
to the final step already!
I'm locking you in
here till morning.
But it's morning
right now, Mia!
[MIA] This is where Akagami
and I opened up to each other.
I'm sure this'll do the trick!
I'll be back later to set up
the Twister penance for you!
Come back!
It's funny, isn't it?
My own strategy being
turned against me like this.
[nervous chuckling]
I guess so.
At least she's not
making us do that
"Hundred Poems by a Hundred
Poets" nonsense I taught her.
You mean that was you, too?
[AKAGAMI]
Could she be responsible
for all Mia's wild ideas?
[KAGURA]
Say, here's a thought.
[giggling]
Hm...
If I tell everyone
you forced yourself on me
while we were stuck in here,
I'm sure you'll be kicked
out of the temple
without a second thought.
[nervous whimpering]
You know, your best move here
would be to expose me to Mia
by telling her about my plan.
That would put me in an
extremely difficult position.
I'd never do that to you. Okay?
I have no interest in fighting
with you, Lady Kagura.
-[KAGURA] "Lady?"
-[AKAGAMI] In fact
if possible,
I'd like to be friends.
Because the truth is,
I like you.
I do.
Huh?
[sighs]
Must you really hit on me
at a time like this?
Huh! That's not what I meant.
Why are you all the way
over there?
I'm sorry. My body
reacted instinctively.
[sighs] You know, everything
would be so much easier
if you'd just seduce Mia and
take responsibility for her.
Oh, how interesting.
-What is it?
-Oh, nothing.
Absolutely nothing at all.
It's open!
[KAGURA] It's called
"the lever principle."
[AKAGAMI] No, it's called
kicking the door down!
[chuckles]
Why didn't it
occur to me sooner?
[KAGURA] I can
take Akagami by force.
I'll redirect his feelings
from Yuzuki to Mia,
and then bring him back
to the Christoph family.
Oh, Akagami. You're
right, let's be friends.
Huh?!
Wait a second, Akagami.
I know we kissed each other
that one time.
But still, that doesn't mean...
[gasps]
No! We can't do this!
Please, Akagami.
At least...
be gentle.
[straining]
Don't...
Hmm?
Good morning.
Did you sleep well, Tsukuyo?
Hey, Kurage.
Yeah, good morning.
[KURAGE] Would you
mind letting go of me?
[TSUKUYO]
Uh, sure.
I'll buy you a chocolate
parfait if you keep this quiet.
Extra large?
[grunts] Fine!
[groans]
[TSUKUYO] Why in the world
would I dream such a thing?
Am I really that unfulfilled?
-[AKAGAMI]Tsukuyo!
-Hmm.
Hey. Good morning.
You too.
Guess I better get
started on breakfast.
All right!
[TSUKUYO] Look what
a good mood he's in.
Not a care in the world.
I never would
have had that stupid dream
if he hadn't kissed me.
Still it was an accident.
Can't really hold it
against him.
-[MIA] Akagami!
-Hmm?
What's on the menu
this morning?
How does fried fish strike you?
-Sounds delicious!
-[TSUKUYO] Huh?!
-Then sit tight, and I'll get
to it! -What did I miss?
When did those two
become so close?
[heart beating]
Quite curious, isn't it?
Ah!
Could you stop
sneaking around like that?
But you know,
I think I can shed some
light on their closeness.
[TSUKUYO]
With your camera?
[moaning]
[MIA]
Akagami, please.
Couldn't you...
slow down just a little bit?
[AKAGAMI] This is
just the beginning, Mia.
[KAGURA]
What you're seeing here is
a ritual known as
Twister penance.
No! What the heck?
Why would you show
me a video like that?
[giggling]
Hey, was that Akagami and Mia?
Bingo! Would you like to
continue watching now?
Gimme a break!
I don't wanna see that!
If you say so.
[TSUKUYO]
So those two are an item now?
This doesn't make any sense.
Mia hated Akagami at first!
Whoa.
I'm sorry, Akagami.
I lost my balance.
Are you all right, Mia?
[giggling]
Don't worry.
I'm fine. I just got
a little turned on.
[TSUKUYO]
She's madly in love with him!
And she's turned on right now?
[chuckles]
Let's start the questioning.
I'm Kagura, the secretary.
Wait, what's happening?
Are you sure we shouldn't
bring Akagami in as well?
There's no point.
I can't look him in the eye.
Tell me, what's your
angle here, Kagura?
[KAGURA]
I'm just interested in
anything and everything
to do with Mia.
[TSUKUYO]
I see. Very well.
Now, then,
I've heard discipline
around the temple
has gotten a bit lax.
What's more,
it seems the one at
the center
of the problem is you.
How dare you say that?
I haven't done
anything shameful!
You couldn't be more wrong!
[TSUKUYO] I take
it that means you're willing
to answer our questions?
[MIA] Most certainly!
Well, all right. Mia...
Are you and Akagami in love?
[gasps]
Huh? No, we're not.
Huh?
Why would you ask
something like that?
I don't know! You just
seem a lot closer lately!
Oh, so that's
what you were talking about?
We're training partners,
you know?
Of course, we get along well.
I like him a lot
in that respect.
My!
Partners?
There may have been some
misunderstandings early on,
but now we've put
all that behind us.
Ah. That makes sense.
So it was all
in my imagination?
[MIA]
Besides...
he's an extraordinarily
handsome man, wouldn't you say?
Mm?
[MIA] My original
purpose in coming to
Japan was to seek
spiritual training.
I needed help fighting
off my worldly desires.
You might say Akagami
is the ideal partner for me.
Having such a good-looking
man by my side...
It turns me on like crazy,
bringing my desires
right to the forefront!
Our meeting? I feel like it was
destined in some strange way.
The truth is,
I'd gladly spend the
rest of my life
right at his side!
Let's proceed with
the questioning.
Wait, seriously?
[MIA] Kagura!
What are you tying me up for?
[TSUKUYO]
It was destined?
She'd spend the rest of her
life at his side?
She's totally into him!
Does Akagami know?
Did he take advantage of it?
And if so,
what about
all the stuff he did with me?
I mean,
[AKAGAMI] But that's
not what's important.
I think I just wanted
to see you happy.
That's all
He even said that.
[KAGURA]
What's this?
Why, Tsukuyo,
your face is bright red.
Ah!
Please don't lose your
temper! It isn't like that!
I'm not the least bit upset!
It seems I have misinterpreted
things entirely.
You'll have to forgive me.
For some reason,
I was under the impression..
that you were jealous.
Huh? I have no feelings
for Akagami whatsoever!
I heard my name!
[screaming]
Are you guys
playing a game or...
Akagami.
Mia?
[AKAGAMI]
What kind of game is this?
Hey, Tsukuyo.
I don't understand this.
Tsukuyo?
She's bright red, huh?
I wonder why that is.
Oh, please.
Look away.
You mean you're doing something
that makes you want to
hide your face from me?
I have an idea.
Would you like to join
in the fun, Akagami?
I sure would.
[thud]
Akagami!
Since it's come to this...
I'll ask him about
that video directly.
All right! Let's play
back the evidence!
Okay.
Uh-oh, my camera
seems to be missing.
Hey, Kagura.
This your camera?
Kurage?
[TSUKUYO] Oh, no. That video's
way too much for her!
Listen to me!
Don't press play!
You mean this?
Didn't I just say not to?
Please, Kurage, don't look!
[KURAGE] Why are
they panting like that?
[TSUKUYO] Will you listen
to your big sister
for once in your life?
[TSUKUYO] How could I have
allowed my pure little
sister to be
exposed to such filth?
Oh, they're playing some
kind of game. Looks fun.
-Huh?
-Hey, what's on there?
Oh, that? It's Mia and I.
When we were out
in the storage shed.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Huh? What? It's a game?
Mm-hm.
You see? That mat
on the ground there?
Huh?
A game! Oh, good!
'Cause, um, I thought they--
You thought what?
What did you think?
Tell me what you
thought, Tsukuyo.
[TSUKUYO] I'll buy you a
strawberry parfait, too.
[KURAGE] Why?
We're completely broke!
[AKAGAMI] Ever since
the new year, the temple
has been hemorrhaging money.
We've hardly
collected anything in
donations from
the parishioners.
Let alone set
anything aside to pay
for repairs on the
principal figure.
But I can't let myself
become discouraged.
I'll do what I can
to turn things around.
I'll start by cutting back
on food expenses.
Hm?
[screaming]
Is everything all right?
I just heard a young
lady screaming in here!
We're out of-We're out of...
We're out of rice!
No, it can't be!
Wait a sec, is that all?
If we're out of rice, can't
we just buy some more?
Normally, yes.
But we're flat broke
at the moment, so...
Aha. I gotcha.
Well,
I wouldn't worry about it.
See, Japan has
an annual tribute system.
We can collect rice as tribute
from our parishioners.
[AKAGAMI] Mia,
this isn't the Middle Ages.
What was that?
I heard some commotion.
Is the young lady who
was screaming all right?
Yuzuki, I'm afraid
we're out of rice.
Ah. Our stockpile's
exhausted, huh?
In that case,
we'll simply collect tribute.
-Huh?
[AKAGAMI]
That's a real thing?
It's fairly common
for temples to own a small
amount of land beyond
the building itself,
And ours is no exception.
And the people who live on
and use that land
pay us an annual tribute
in the form of rice.
Kind of like a rent payment,
basically.
Yeah, you could say that.
So then, why do you collect
tribute as opposed to money?
[YUZUKI] Because
making money isn't what
running a temple is all about.
We help people out of kindness.
I see.
Hey. Maybe it's
time you started
studying a little
harder, Akagami.
[AKAGAMI]
I feel so defeated.
By the way, is it all right
that we came along with you?
We're not intruding, are we?
[YUZUKI]
Of course, it's all right.
Rice is heavy, so I'm
grateful to you for the help.
Besides, meeting
parishioners is an
important part of
your ongoing training.
-Oh, really?
One of the keys
to enlightenment,
the fourth one, is to
recognize all of your bonds
and to treasure them.
[YUZUKI]
There are bonds connecting
everyone and everything.
And all of them
hold significance.
You're coming to
our temple, Mia,
and you're being
employed there, Akagami?
Neither of these things
are mere coincidence.
-I see.
-Of course.
These bonds couldn't
be more important.
We should always cherish
and be grateful for them.
And all of those
parishioners out there?
They were brought
to us at Mikazuki Temple
by their own bonds!
[YUZUKI] I'm talking
about the very people
our temple exists to serve.
We should take the time to get
to know them, don't you think?
You're right.
I'm ready to meet some people
and express some gratitude!
Yeah!
I ain't got no rice.
Get outta here.
[doorbell ringing]
[MAN]
Go away.
[MIA]
Yuzuki!
[AKAGAMI]
Let's try the next place.
[chuckling]
A tribute these days?
That's a good one.
[AKAGAMI]
We're here for the rice, sir.
-Huh?
-[AKAGAMI] The rice!
Huh?
Sure, I've got
some rice for you,
if you clean my house for me.
[AKAGAMI, MIA, YUZUKI]
Huh?!
Our bonds led us
here, did they? Huh?
Now, now.
[screams]
The closet just exploded!
After all that?
We never got
a single grain of rice.
Yeah, well.
Normally,
our parishioners would have
their tributes
delivered to the temple.
The places we've
visited today haven't done so
due to various circumstances.
They're behind on their rent,
is what you're saying?
Well. I guess, yeah.
[YUZUKI] Anyway. One more
house to go, all right?
Let's keep our chins up!
It's good to see you, Yuzuki.
Thanks for coming out here.
And thank you for having us.
Of course.
Although I don't believe
I recognize these two.
Sorry to trouble you,
but I'm nursing a broken leg.
Oh, the rice is
sitting in the yard.
Take as much as you like.
-A goddess!
Huh? A goddess?
Do I look that good?
[nervous chuckle]
Oh. What adorable children.
[ASAHI]
Hey, Mom!
Huh?
What's going on?
Hey! It's Big Sis Yuzuki!
Hi. There.
Oh, look! How cute!
[KIDS] Hello!
So, who wants to
play a little game?
-Me!
[TENDOU] Now, children, Yuzuki
has work to do right now.
Then...
let us see your boobs!
No way.
-[chanting] Let us see!
-They ask me that
every time I visit.
What can I say?
These two are crazy
about boobs.
But why are they so interested
in them?
The real question is,
who wouldn't be?
-[screams]
-Akagami!
[AKAGAMI]Can it be? Am I on the
same level as these children?
I'm very disappointed
in you two.
This behavior is
totally unacceptable!
-Oh...
You have to fight
against these desires.
That's how you grow up
to be a decent adult.
Okay.
We understand now, miss.
I'm glad to hear that.
In that case,
let us see a
decent adult's boobs!
That was your take-away?!
[children clamoring]
Oh, dear. Let me help Mia.
Hey, kids!
You're Akagami, right?
Yuzuki's told me about you.
Right. I'm sorry,
I should have introduced myself
earlier.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
[TENDOU] I'm sorry it's
such a madhouse around here.
[AKAGAMI] Please,
you should have seen
how things
went with the others!
[TENDOU]
They gave you trouble?
I'll say. I don't mind if I
never see them again.
You're all right, Akagami!
You know, it never
used to be like that.
[AKAGAMI] Huh?
[TENDOU] Back in the days
when Yuzuki's mother
Tsukina was still around,
nobody would have
dared fail to pay tribute.
Boy, was she terrifying!
That lady hit me on
more than one occasion.
[AKAGAMI]
Huh?
But she also made us
feel secure.
Now that she's gone,
I think everyone's
feeling a bit anxious.
Wondering what the future
holds for Mikazuki Temple.
I see.
Any idea why she left?
I'm not entirely
clear on the details,
but I believe she's stationed
at the main temple now.
[MIA]
Akagami!
[children giggling]
[MIA]
Akagami!
[ASAHI]
Now those are boobs!
[HINATA] Man, is he lucky!
[TENDOU] Enough
already, you pervy brats!
Sorry again for the mayhem.
This doesn't make
up for it, but...
That is a lot of rice.
[TENDOU] They are
heavy, so be careful.
[straining]
Heavy's an understatement.
Huh?
[AKAGAMI]
Hold on.
Yeah. I thought
they seemed familiar
How funny.
Akagami? What's wrong?
I'm fine.
I just felt
the sense of destiny.
I see.
[AKAGAMI] That's right. I
should be grateful I met Yuzuki
and do everything
I can to support her.
Hup!
Well? You all ready to go?
You're so strong, Yuzuki!
[AKAGAMI]
Not that she needs my support.
Tell me about your dream.
Well, Akagami was
hanging loose in it.
How so?
Actually, you and Yuzuki
were hanging loose, too.
How so?
Just hanging loose
and spreading the love!
You don't say.